OK so now what we need to do we need to create a container that is going to be listening for changes
in the redux stayed.
And whenever there is a change whenever we have a list of cars it's going to just grab that data and
display the list.
So if I type Ford right here this is going to bring from the server all the entries with forward it
will update this state and whenever the state gets updated this component right here is going to render
the whole list.
So that's fine.
Let's do it and we learn as we go.
So we're going to go to containers and I'm going to need a new container that is going to be on a list
of cars.
That sounds good.
So it's going to be a list of cars to make it your case list of cars.
OK.
And this one dodgiest of course.
So we need to do a lot of things we need to import a few things.
I'm going to go right here to the search and instead of just typing everything you can at just copy
some things.
The first thing we need is going to be react the component so import react and component from react.
We're going to create a class and the class is going to be list of cars something like that.
OK this one is going to extend component very good.
And for now we're just going to render a list going to say render and then be open and close and we
return some constants.
So right here it's going to say a div and I don't know this div is going to have something that calls
cars let's forget right here.
Export default default and then list.
Of course you're going to change all of this right now right now because we need to to bring the data
from redux we need to link this to redux.
So let's go to the index is going to be the ABs that is inside the components and bring this list of
course.
So I'm going to go to components and go to app and right here after the search we're going to bring
this list of course.
OK.
Remember to import.
It's going to set import and then list of cars from and then done that it's going to be containers for
Slash and list of course Burguet.
If I were of the page we get cars that's good.
So I'm going to go to the list of cars I'm going to start creating the the connection that we need to
create with the redux.
So I'm going to go right here.
I'm going to say important.
And the first thing we need to do that first thing we need is connect.
OK then we're going to say from.
And it's going to be re-act redux.
Very good.
Now the thing is that this component right here the list of cars has no action.
The only thing that this component cares is what is happening with the redux state.
Now if we make a change in type for it and the state of course changes and now it has a list this one
worries about that needs to be listening for that.
So there is no actions in this component.
So there's no need right here to import the buying action creators.
You know there's no.
So.
So what are we going to do.
We're going to go right here at the bottom.
And since this component meets kit needs to care about the redux state.
We're going to save function and we're going to use the map state to prompt.
We need that one and this bay map stayed to prop's the map state to prop's it's open and close.
And this one takes an argument and it's going to be the actual state.
Now it's going to return something and what it's going to be returning it's going to be cars no cars.
It's pretty much the same thing we have right here.
And that's why I'm using cars.
So this one is going to be equal to state DOT cars.
Now it's always a good idea to use pretty much the same name.
I could say right here I can say sunshine whatever and whenever we call two props is going to be sunshine.
But since you're calling cars it's always a good idea to keep the same idea.
Right.
So get inside cars get the state of cars whenever the redux state it's updated.
OK.
I'm going to go right here to export default and we need to connect the map stage props to relax.
So I'm going to say export and default and then we're going to use the connect.
We import it on top.
It's going to be connect.
And this one takes two arguments.
First one the first it's the maps data prompts.
Since we are using it right here I'm going to say maps data prompts.
The second one is going to be the actions scenes.
We don't have any actions it's going to be No.
And then it's just going to return the class.
We just lost of course now if we go right here and counsel of the state we should be we should be getting
the the changing state right here.
So I'm going to say consulate's just to make sure that everything is working console log and then state.
Right.
So if I reload the application we get cars and an array of zero.
And this is why we went to the cars we do searches and we do.
We did a state with an empty array.
So whenever everything is starting we get an empty array.
All right it's just like empty.
And that's good.
That's what we need to start now.
If I do a Ford and that just closes if I do Ford and click enter we get a new state right here and we
get an array of four.
So the Jasons server it's finding four entries with a keyboard for it with the brand for.
All right.
So it's working.
So it seems that it's working.
Now we have the data right here and it's available inside this Propst of cars we can right here we can
create a function to map all this information.
So OK let's create the map so we can render a simple list to go right here at the top.
Just going to bring this down and right here we need to call to a function that is going to render this
list so OK I'm going to say this and this.
There we go this dot list of course that makes sense because of course that's going to be the name of
the function and what do you get.
Going to pass as an argument to this function is going to be the list of course since we have it available
inside this that prompts.
I'm going to say this that prompts I'm going to copy this function right here.
I'm going to just this one is going to be equal to.
We have the argument and the fat arrow function.
Now inside this prompts we have the cars.
So right here we can use make use of destructuring and since we have this that prompts we can get direct
access to cars.
OK so now we're going to need to render the list and we can have again one problem if we do a map right
here.
And the application starts and we have an array of zero.
We're going to have to have a problem.
It's not going to render anything.
So what I'm going to do.
We're going to need to put a conditional and we always did this before going to say car.
If cars if this cars has any data we want to return a list OK.
So I'm going to say Return return and then it's going to be cars and begin to map over it to open it
right here.
This one takes an anonymous function.
And inside here we just open and close we're going to trade.
And we going to pass inside instead of item going to use a car that makes more sense each car inside
of a list of cars.
OK.
So we have the car we have the function.
So now what we need to do is we need to return some GSX.
So I'm going to say return an open and close.
We're going to have to add a class to the deaf because we can at some style some styles to this.
So this one is going to be car item.
So what we need to do we need to access the data we have right here.
And if I go to the Jason I just provide you we have different items.
We have the brand model and the ear.
So just for testing I can output the model so I'm going to say item and then model it fails to compile.
That's why item it's not that far I'm sorry it's car not item.
My mistake.
So everything looks fine.
No errors.
The application starts right here you can have some text saying search for a car or whatever just to
keep it simple and to save time.
We are not going to do it.
We're going to type forward and whenever we type forward we should be getting data and that's when we
get to worry about this message.
So we get most and Fiesta Falco's and tours.
OK.
So it's working.
We are fetching data just beautifully.
Let's go again with step just over the old steps.
I'm sorry that this is kind of redundant but you need to be sure of what is happening right here.
So OK the application starts.
We type some data inside we type for for example and this one is going to trigger an action.
The action is going to go and make and then request and whenever it's done the middleware the redux
premise that we are using a waits until there is a response.
Once we get a response the action creator is going to flow through all the reducers with the payload
and the type.
Whenever there is some match with the name with the with it type and the the action squealers type and
the reducers whenever there is a match it's going to grab the data we have on the payload.
It's going to update the state and once the state is updated this list of course it's always listening
with the maps data prompts the always listens for changes inside the state.
And this is we have a change on the state is going to really render the application because we have
it inside the does the props and the the reactor is going to be rendered with a list that is pretty
much what's happening.
In a nutshell.
So let's go to the next section and let's try to add some styles and make this list a little bit better.